[AI-4502] DDS: Sonicwall Firewall Integration (#18667)
DataDog/integrations-core: sonicwall_firewall/README.md

## Overview

[SonicWall Firewall][1] is a network security solution designed to protect organizations from a wide range of cyber threats. It offers advanced security features, high performance, and scalability, making it suitable for businesses of all sizes. SonicWall Firewall is known for its ability to provide real-time protection against emerging threats, while ensuring secure and efficient network traffic management.

This integration provides enrichment and visualization for all log types shared by SonicWall Firewall over syslog. Detailed insights into the logs received by syslog are visualized in out-of-the-box dashboards and detection rules.

## Setup

### Installation

To install the SonicWall Firewall integration, run the following Linux command to install the Agent. 

> **Note**: This step is not necessary for Agent version >= 7.58.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This step is not necessary for Agent version >= 7.61.0.
```
Nit can be updated in another PR once this is merged.

To change the time zone for the SonicWall Firewall pipeline:

1. Navigate to the [**Pipelines** page][10] in the Datadog app.

2. Enter `SonicWall Firewall` in the **Filter Pipelines** search box.

3. Hover over the SonicWall Firewall pipeline and click **clone**. This creates an editable clone of the SonicWall Firewall pipeline.

4. Edit the Grok Parser using the below steps:

   - In the cloned pipeline, find the processor with the name **Grok Parser: Parsing Sonicwall FireWall time**. Hover over the pipelines and click **Edit**.
   - Under **Define parsing rules**:
      - Modify the rule and provide the [TZ identifier][9] of the time zone of your SonicWall Firewall server. For example, if your time zone is IST, replace `' z'` with `Asia/Calcutta`.
      - For example, if this is the existing rule:

          ```shell
          rule %{date("yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss z"):timestamp}
          ```
        
        The modified rule for IST timezone is:

          ```shell
          rule %{date("yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss", "Asia/Calcutta"):timestamp}
          ```

>       - Additional step
>       
>         - Under **log samples**:
>           - Remove UTC from the existing value.
>           - For example, if the existing value is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - To update the existing log sample, under **log samples**:
        - Remove UTC from the existing value.
        - For example, if the existing value is:
```

To change the time zone in Sonicwall Firewall pipeline:

1. Navigate to the [**Pipelines** page][10] in the Datadog app.

2. Enter "Sonicwall Firewall" in the **Filter Pipelines** search box.

3. Hover over the Sonicwall Firewall pipeline and click on the **clone** button. This will create an editable clone of the Sonicwall Firewall pipeline.

4. Edit the Grok Parser using the below steps:

   - In the cloned pipeline, find a processor with the name `"Grok Parser: Parsing Sonicwall Firewall time"` and click on the `Edit` button by hovering over the pipeline.
   - Under **Define parsing rules**
      - Modify the rule and provide the [TZ identifier][9] of the time zone of your Sonicwall Firewall server. For example, if your timezone is IST, you would remove `' z'` and add the value to `Asia/Calcutta`.
      - Example:

        **Existing rule**

          ```shell
          rule %{date("yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss z"):timestamp}
          ```
        
        **Modified rule for IST timezone**

          ```shell
          rule %{date("yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss", "Asia/Calcutta"):timestamp}
          ```

>       - Additional step

Reviewer 3: No, it is not a required step but if we are not updating log sample then pipeline will pass but log sample will not match the existing log sample.

>       - Additional step

Reviewer 2: Thanks @Kaustubhtandel-crest. I clarified it in the below suggestion, does that work?
